Study Area: 7 county metro
Minnesota received about 2,340 refugees in 2015, and is expecting larger numbers this upcoming year (Koumpilova 1).
Roughly three-quarters of refugees in Minnesota are settled in Hennepin and Ramsey counties (Koumpilova 2). 
Minnesota offers a variety of resources accessible regardless of immigration status, but insufficient research has been conducted within the Twin Cities area regarding their accessibility to the populations they serve. 
Public Transit significance
Regardless of resource destination, an immigrant who has access to transit has access to resources in proximity to transit.
In contrast, an immigrant without access to transit has reduced access to such resources.
Farther than 0.1 miles of transit:
Bhutanese Community Organization of Minnesota
Communidades Latinas Unidas En Servicio (Location #2)
Joseph’s Coat
The Brian Coyle Center

Within 0.1 miels of transit:
Catholic Charities New American Services
The Restoration Center
The Opportunity Center
African Immigrant Community Services
Lutheran Social Services
Hmong American Partnership
RESOURCE
International Institute of Minnesota
Karen Organization of Minnesota
CAPI USA
Lifetrack
Vietnamese Social Services

Minnesota Council of Churches
RISE, Inc.
Southeast Asian Refugee Community Home
Mid-Minnesota Legal Aid
Neighborhood House
Immigrant Law Center of Minnesota
The Advocates for Human Rights
Francis Basket
The Wellstone Center
Walk-in Counseling Center
The Center for Victims of Torture

Conclusions:
Most service providers are located close to transit stops.
Even service providers not within 0.1 miles are nestled nearby.
This extensive network suggests resource accessibility is not an issue of spatial mismatch – once an immigrant gains access to the transit system, they gain access to the resources available.
Possible transit limitations may have more to do with knowledge of the system, frequency of service, inconvenience, necessity of transfers, or safety of routes.
Most foreign born populations are clustered in areas with close proximity to transit stops.
Clusters farther away may be indicative of different factors, such as Medtronic and 3M employees who are less likely to want mass transit.
data osurces:
Minnesota Geospatial Commons
American Community Survey
Zillow Neighborhoods
Koumpilova, Mila. "Minnesota Prepares to Receive More Refugees in 2016." Star Tribune. Star Tribune, 29 Dec. 2015. Web. <http://www.startribune.com/minnesota-is-gearing-up-to-receive-more-refugees-in-2016/363692201/>.
